well I'm in an alleyway in downtown Los
Angeles right now to interview sticks a
stick say what do you think of this
alleyway it's pretty pretty cool I'm
glad you found me walking on the streets
by myself and just decided to ask for an
interview and I carried these red chairs
with me I don't actually know if they're
in the frame but there's red chairs
we're sitting on I carry them with me at
all times just in case I need to
interview someone so it's I'm glad that
I was able to pull this together
no stick say so I've had a chance to
interview several of your teammates
I will ask start off with the same
question I asked them which is what has
this offseason been like for you and how
involved were you and all the changes
that took place with your team so this
offseason was a bit different than the
past ones for me I guess more so because
a lot of time I felt like I wasn't an
offseason so I mean I had obviously had
a bit of a break but a lot of times I
was you know stressing about like all
right you know is a roster gonna stay
together are we gonna have to find new
people and stuff and once it finally
came to fact that like okay you know
half was not gonna be sound with us I
had to figure out and like Who am I
gonna play with I was given a few
options I do a cute with a lot of people
trying to figure it out I talked to them
you know I gave feedback to my coaches
what I thought about them stuff like
that and in the end it came down to
being Val frost and I think we made the
right choice so yeah but it was a no
more stressful than the other All
Seasons cuz you know I wasn't sure what
I was gonna get so bio frost first came
into the LCS by playing with your CLG
predecessor doublelift now he's playing
with you so you you often frequently
play with SS previous supports is this
an issue for you do you have to like
train them out of the bad habits he's
taught them uh not necessarily I mean
yeah I think there are some habits I
think they're very like a lane focused
players which you know I think can
change a little just from I think double
flakes is supports to play at the mall
in Lane not necessarily bad thing but
yeah I think yeah and I more so just
want people to play how they want to
play and all kind of adapt to it you
know so I don't mind whatever they want
to do I just want them to be happy as
doing what they want to do and what
they've just done so yeah given that I
mean I had already heard that by all the
way they kind of worked was
that he received a lot of instruction
and just kind of did what he was told
for lack of a better phrase and and
you're saying that you kind of want him
to develop his own kind of playstyle and
come up with something do you think
that's gonna be hard for him or weird
it's certainly a little different right
yeah it's definitely different and I
think I mean the moment I talked about
he told me you know I want to be more of
a leader in team I want to do more not
just be like this guy just that falls
around they decay stuff like that and I
think he's already done a really good
job so he knows not only does he know
what he wants to do he knows how to do
it and he just kind of gets it done so
with him it wasn't like a really big
learning curve it was like I we you know
I was trying to play a different way we
got to wait and wait for him to catch up
with those guys but he just knew how to
do it so his really easier transition
into so many people talking about Team
Liquid TSM team like sorry cloud nine
not as many people talking about CLG
this year what do you think of that and
do you think that's a mistake on their
part to you know not think of CLG is a
potentially major player very
interesting story
yeah I mean I think that's kind of
natural with given how things have been
going for us the past couple splits I
mean obviously we haven't been like
great team to look out for we're just
kind of been there I think and of course
every spot we're trying our best to be
that team that's just like oh watch out
for these guys but it's just been hard
and I think yeah this split I don't know
I think it's given a lot of new
perspective for all of our players and I
think everyone's really had something to
prove
I feel like everyone came in with kind
of like you know me and bio we're like
overshadowed by our veterans
reignover came off a really bad year and
Hui and darshan actually came for a
pretty good year but they weren't
winning so it doesn't really mean
anything so I think everyone comes in
with something to prove and so I think
that's something to go for yeah for you
do you feel like darshan kind of
insinuated that he feels a sense of he
needs to help you know bio Frost get a
little bit of a revenge against T at TSM
maybe reignover have a little bit of a
redemption story deep for you to you
fill that incentive or is it more just
sort of your own goals and your own
motivations I think for me since I've
been on sealed referred past two years I
don't really have like over
to get written so for me it's more so I
just want to solidify still Jesus talked
to him like we used to be and I mean
obviously like I said we've been trying
it the past couple years it's just
really hard to do but like I said with
new perspective and stuff like that I
think we have much better chances here
and of course I just want to help my
teammates you know I want bio to have
avenged against CSM I went right over to
have a really good season so he can
prove himself as the best gun and so
when in 2016 I feel like when people
talked about the top two or three 80
carries your name was talked about
frequently I don't feel like that was
the case in 2017 how are you looking to
change that in 2018 well I mean I think
in 2017 like I said naturally just
because we're losing people don't really
look at the losing teams too much and I
mean I guess we were never really losing
team we were top three and four but I
mean I still think I performed pretty
well all through 2017 maybe besides like
my last playoff series was not very
great but besides I still think I had a
good year in 2018 yeah I think it'll
help that I have a chance to kind of
step up and do things on my own terms
now and instead of just like being
overshadowed by my support player whose
aphromoo and yeah I feel like I have
kind of like a shot at redemption just
to prove you know I'm good with myself
yeah what is the difference in dynamic
between affirming and bio frost because
I assume that that's very very different
I mean I always felt like that was a
very opinionated player you know I know
we kind of already brushed on this but
bio frost Vincent being much quieter so
what is it like for you and and you it
sounds like you felt like you were a
little overshadowed so from my
perspective about frost I mean he came
into the team he wants to be more vocal
and stuff like that but he didn't want
to be like a primary shot caller and
we're like yeah that's cool like that's
not were expecting of you and but I mean
we started screaming with him and he's
shocked calling in me Antonio like I
mean he's doing our shot calling but he
says he's not a shot close so we're not
really sure what's going on so I think
maybe he just underestimated the role of
being a shot caller but I mean he's
doing he's filling the roles that I him
ahead and I think he's also just playing
a lot better individually on top of it
so I've pretty high hopes for him a lot
of people expecting TSM teamliquid to be
the top two
team's out the gate potentially where do
you think CLG will be at the start of
the split I think at the start of this
was kind of hard to tell I think there's
a chance you know we start out really
strong there's a chance we start out
like kind of average and we slowly like
power up as the split goes on but I
think with how scrims are going now we
will be top three and spring for sure
and I think summer maybe hopefully will
finish first so darshan said top one
yeah - Shawn's an ambitious person but
I'm having high hopes as well but I
think sometimes things can take a little
time sir
very good when will ya is it do you
think what are the chances we see CLG
return to Emma SIA this year versus
worlds well I hope we make it to both
events because that's something that
makes me really sad is not going to
international events and we haven't gone
to one in since last worlds and so I
felt really sad to kind of watch worlds
on the sidelines yeah like I said I
think the chances are pretty high I
think worlds is pretty much a guaranteed
with his roster if we just keep up what
we're doing and Emma sighs like I said
it's hard to tell what Springs foot you
know I think we have a pretty good start
where we're starting now but I don't
know how all the other teams are so
it'll just have to wait and see we asked
a couple our I asked a couple of your
teammates you know besides TSM Team
Liquid cloud9 and CLG which a lot of
people consider to be pretty solid top
four prediction you know there's the
other six teams if you had to pick a
dark horse from those guys to over
perform people's expectations maybe get
in the top three do really well who
would you pick so there's okay no okay
got it
okay so I think it's gonna be echo fox
or under thea sir i don't know which one
i think could be either
I think echo fox is like everyone's
saying it could be really good or it
could be really bad
honey thieves I think is a little more
stable over Austria yeah and I have a
chance there like the other the outside
team that has a possibility to make it
in so anything that you want to say to
any of the CLG fans out there uh thank
you guys for all the support I hope you
guys will continue supporting us in our
new roster I know it's been
but uh appreciate it and make sure to
check out our new jerseys on store debt
ceil gaming gun net you're the only
person on your team that remembered the
jersey thing good job you should ask for
a raise thank you so much for the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things sports right here on my youtube
channel
a lot of people asked me if I was joking
here a lot of people asked me whenever I
said that other thing about double F
charging me five thousand dollars for an
interview if that was real no it was an
obvious joke he charters me ten thousand
dollars in energy whoo please please
help me out
Travis Capcom / support